  The Hallyu wave is taking over the world like a storm. First it started in Asia and now it has brought its way over to the West. "Hallyu", refers to the global popularity of South Korean pop culture, entertainment, music, TV dramas, and movies. the word is made of two root words from Mandarin. Han roughly means "Korean" and liu or ryu means "flow" or "wave". Both roots were fused to make "Hallyu". Japan was actually the first nation to experience the Korean wave. In the following years a singer by the name of Rain exported Hallyu to the United States with his tour. He ended up selling concert halls in New York City and Las Vegas. In later years other groups like Super Junior and Girls Generation followed the lead. It eventually made its way into India, Russia, Latin America, North Africa, and the Middle East. This phenomenon is a new trend that this whole world is jumping on. 
  
  It was the summer of two thousand twelve when Kpop exploded onto the scene. That was when the singer, rapper and dancer PSY went through the roof of Youtube with his song Gangnam style. The catchy beats and ironic dance moves became a worldwide sensation in just weeks. it was such a big hit that it became that it became the most popular online video in history with just over two billion views. Despite being a foreigner, PSY's popularity got him invited onto American TV shows like The Todays Show, Saturday Night Live, The Ellen Degeneres Show, and Dick Clarks New Years Rockin Eve 2013. At the end of the year two thousand twelve, Rolling Stone magazine name PSY one of the game changers of the year. Now, Two thousand twelve was only a breakout, not the start of this whole industry. 
